Our guys walk in this lecture, we are fully going to start building the permit screen and it's going
to look very similar to that of the place or the screen because in the future we are going to be able
to have access to the customer's data.
Okay.
So what we can do is we can just highlight this entire screen and use controller and see to copy and
back to the payment screen.
And we can highlight this and get rid of it and use controller and see to.
Sorry, controller.
Sorry.
I'm just going to copy this again.
Okay, Control, see?
And Contrave.
Contrave is based.
Okay.
Sorry.
What is wrong?
He's going to do this.
Click on this.
Yeah.
Just going to copy this again.
A light use control and see.
And here's this.
And now we have to rename it back to the premiere screen.
We can just allow it and.
Payment then screen.
Okay.
It's not defined and we can get rid of this unused import.
I think we're missing something.
Okay.
Although they.
Can trend be this as well?
Use control.
And that's the save now.
And you should see it over.
Via.
And now we really do not need all this because this is going to be the payment screen.
So what we can do is we can get rid of this test widget.
Okay.
And for now, we can get rid of this cross axis alignment or start.
And also we do not need any Cosima.
We can get rid of this.
It ends over.
Yeah.
Okay.
Great.
And also we can.
Okay.
Get rid of this chart for now.
This country needs to save.
And go check it out.
OC OC since school.
Now it's in the row.
So within the column we can have a row.
And the reason for this road is because we want to have a test over here which is going to say Twitter.
And over here we want to have the products Twitter price.
To do this, we have to use a row in order to display widgets horizontally.
And the first chart is going to be a test and it's going to say Twitter.
Okay.
This country needs to save.
And you should say it's over.
All right.
Okay.
And we can start this test.
We can increase the font size to maybe 20.
And forthwith.
It's going to be fun with.
Fault with the boat.
Okay.
Good.
And you should see it over.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
And what we can then do is have your trainer and we can have another test, which is going to be for
the total price.
And what we can also just do is, rather than having it here.
Right, right.
And say card provider or provider of contest and so on, we can just create a variable to do that.
And we are going to do this with ten.
Within.
Okay.
We tend to dispute.
And the reason is because we want to have access to this contest.
I'm just going to create this over here to show you.
We can create a variable called there's going to be a type of double.
Right.
And you can call this to.
Total prize.
Right.
And you can then say is going to be equal to.
It's going to be equal to what?
It's going to be equal to maybe provider.
Provider.
Dot of contest.
You can see that contest has a red on the line.
And we can also say we want to have access to the cards provider.
And within the card provider class, we have a function or a getter known as total prize.
Okay, great.
Now you can see we have this contest error and you can see currently it is undefined.
So what we can then do is we can get rid of it over from here, get rid of it from this path and we
can paste it within the widget beauty contest in order for us to have access to that contest.
You can see currently we have no errors.
Okay.
And alright.
We can just call that verbal code through there.
tOe to toe the price.
And it is a double.
So we have to say the two string as fixed and this is going to be true.
Okay, great.
And you should say it's over.
Over here.
Okay.
And we can just copy this tie.
Copy this.
And --.
Okay.
Great.
And what we can also do is within the law, we can then say main us elements, main us.
I mean, assess alignment.
I mean as this element of space between.
These control and save energy, say over a.
Okay.
And lastly, we can also have a caller for this.
This is going to be colors that sign.
Okay.
Cisco.
And now.
Outside the row within the column, we can then have a divider.
Diverter.
We can give this a thickness of maybe two and color of the colors that gray.
Okay.
Lose control and save.
Sounds cool and over yet we can have the sorta.
Why are we going?
Well, we can just call this.
Okay to tap paid.
Okay.
So what we can just do is we can copy from this sorry, this row.
In order for us to have another row copy from this.
And.
Hi digital camera.
And we can then pace this and we can change this from ta ta ta ta ta paid.
Okay.
She said, all right now.
Okay to tap it.
And what we can do is the switch.
So.
Sorry.
Let's not do this.
Okay.
This is the first row for the Twitter.
And right over here, we can then piece this.
And then renamed this to top paid.
Okay.
So I paid.
Sorry.
Okay.
And let's go check it out.
So it's a page.
And what we can do is we can have maybe a shipping fee of $10 to the tutor.
I'm just going to wait.
Sorry for that.
We can add a shipping fee of maybe $10 to this.
$50 to do that.
Okay.
Think girl stock.
Sorry.
Okay.
Alright, we can create another variable is going to be a type of double.
Double and you can call this.
So it's our page and we have to get access to this, first of all.
Get us to this and we want to say plus maybe ten.
Okay.
You know, and.
Instead of this.
Okay.
We have to then say.
Get rid of this to the price.
And this is going to be a paid.
Okay.
So.
And hopefully we have no spelling mistake.
Okay.
Use control and s to save.
And you should see.
Okay.
60.
Okay for this disappeared.
We can just give a caller.
This is going to be callers.
That may be great.
So make it a bit faded.
Okay.
Go check it out.
And I is going to look.
Okay.
And also, we can make things clear for the user.
We can just reduce this to maybe ten.
I think it's way too big.
Ten and.
So there should be a thin.
Okay.
We can make it a bit clear to the user to tell the user what is paying that additional $10 for.
So that's why the here again, we can have another rule.
Sorry, we can just copy this row.
Copy this rule.
Sorry.
Copy this rule and the terms of.
And we are going to pass this and we can.
Cordis will be shipping.
Shipping costs.
And manually for now, we can just get rid of this.
And manually say ten.
Or you can just create a web to store that as well.
Let's go check this.
Okay.
And you can see the height is no longer able to contain the shipping cost.
So what we can do, as you can see, we have this height of 90, we can say 130 to expand, expanded.
Okay.
I think it's way too much.
We can just go for maybe 120.
Why don't we see?
Okay.
So cool.
And also maybe what we could also do is within the column we can say main US element, main US elements.
I mean NASA's alignment of space invalid to have equal space distributed.
Okay.
I think this a okay.
And lastly, for now, what we can also do, we can display the total price the user is going to pay
over over here.
Okay.
So while we can't just tell you, we can use a dollar sign in order to concatenate a variable and a
string.
And this is going to be totally paid.
So to.
Paid.
Okay.
And also, we have to convert this.
I think let's go check it out to see if we are going to have any error, first of all.
And we are expecting this over.
Okay.
Great.
And maybe we could say that.
Dot, dot a string.
Well, maybe.
Why that?
Okay.
We cannot have access to that.
The trophies are string and see how it's going to look, if it's going to work as expected.
This way.
Okay.
Great.
Cisco.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.